hey guys what's going on my name's Eric
also known as spank seen today a minimum
una guys into the gameplay commentary
here on tremor sorry about all the
content on trimmer lately I think I had
two videos on my live session that we're
on trimmer and then I had a gameplay
already on this map and then now i'm
bringing you guys another gameplay and I
yeah okay quad quad oh fuck it terrible
that that but yeah so anyways actually
have a topic for today it's not a very
happy topic unfortunately if you guys
follow me on Twitter you guys might have
seen a really brief stint of drama in my
life and work in internet basically I
not too long ago about a month or so I
would say I came to work did my usual
routine I was opening up my music
playlist that's how I usually listen to
playlists or listen to music at work and
YouTube was blocked I contacted people
at work and basically it was resolved
because in my line of work we actually
have to get on YouTube and make sure
links are working and stuff like that
I'm graphic designer if you guys don't
know so that was resolved but now
basically a new policy out is basically
we're not allowed to stream anymore so I
had to put music on my phone my phone
now that's all how I'll listen to music
I'm not allowed to have twitch playing
in the background I used to watch
friends or at least just listen to
friends game while I do my work and the
only time that actually watched YouTube
is when all my work was done but even
then now my internet is being monitored
in bandwidth issues are arising
apparently I don't know what I've
determined is that my home internet is
actually better than my work internet
which is home to over around 250
employees so that's kind of idiotic and
illogical and sad to be honest I do pray
for prima in it but yeah so I'm not even
allowed to watch youtube videos over my
lunch break which is um uh lame as shit
Layton's fuck I don't know riata yeah so
kind of sad commentary um I won't be
able to watch any videos at work anymore
I'm thinking that maybe if I go to
youtube and then have set a default to
like 140 4144 p that i will be able to
reply to comments at least some not use
any bandwidth i'm still working on that
if you guys know how
to reply to comments without actually
having to view the video yeah let me
know but yeah I unfortunately only get
two kills with the maniac the there was
only four people on the team and then my
teammates killed the other two people so
yeah I could have been a little bit
better and yeah I am going to do a
commentary for the S&D elite now and
hopefully that will be up to date as
well all right um I got a really long
bonus clips five kills it's almost the
length of the commentary don't be sad
for me you guys can still like the video
if you guys liked it it won't be a
liking that I won't be able to watch as
many videos and yeah bye guys later
destroy the objective we got the bomb
Khan's almost gone